hey guys DX porker here with you want to
take another look at my Father's Day
present I did a video while I was in
Tennessee with my cellphone I don't
think it did the knife and he justice
just want to give you a better look at
it and compare it to some of the other
si knives that I have but uh what I got
was the Azula - of course it's made by
SI Randall's adventures it is a super
super knife it's got a great feel to it
there's overall length 6 and 3/4 inches
let's cut to my car two handles on it
the blade length 3 and 3/4 inches from
the tip of the end of the handle to the
tip of the blade cutting the edge is 2
and 5/8 inches which is about 3 point 2
ounces and that's just the knife only
that's not with the sheath but I really
really like this knife I was going to
get a Leatherman Wave and once I got the
wave of my hand I just really wasn't
happy with it then I got to the SI
display and you know eventually I'm
going to have them all but you know I've
seen this one and and really fell in
love with it make a good good carry
knife comes with a kit the only thing I
don't like about the knife itself
well nothing life but with where I
purchased a dad I got it dad was smoking
Mountain knife works and I got some
deals on some stuff and then come find
out how to get some deals and some
others you know when they when they
purchased this former they sold the
knife by itself or you could buy it with
a kid well the knife by itself was 71
and the kit was 21 so I got them both
and it come up to a hundred dollars and
some change which you know at the time
not researcher there's a whole lot I
didn't think was was too ridiculous and
but later on I found out that if you get
on to where I've bought quite a few
nights and I
works.com I didn't get such a good deal
on it and you know that was a little
disappointing but you know in the heat
of the moment when you see something you
want you you take it extra step to get
it but if you get them for my quirks
calm you can get the knife itself for
59.99 and you can get the kit for $69.99
say 70 bucks plus six or seven dollars
shipping you're going to get a fabulous
product had I got that on knife works I
could have got that another knife but
you know being in Tennessee and in life
heaven I just went ahead then of course
it didn't know so I went ahead and
rolled with it but you into comparison
there to the essay for it's quite a bit
shorter and of course the home to list
it didn't doesn't even compare it in any
way whatsoever like I said there are
several knives in this series and
eventually I'm gonna have them all just
have to one at a time it because they
are a little pricey but they're well
worth it something I noticed there a
while ago got these two out the hug
lists and the four and was going to
shoot them in this video and after I
made a couple videos about three weeks
ago maybe four on some boat awning and
some feathering and chopping with the
four and the humblest and he can clean
them afterwards
so at 1095 is starting to rust a little
bit nothing major nothing I can't knock
right off there I don't know how well
the camera let you see it but a few
places there it is starting to get a
little bit of surface rust not near as
much on the before but there is this a
little bit we can knock out out there no
problems but it's going to happen when
you use your knives and I did a lot of
baton and chopping and you can see there
is very little wear at all on the
coating it is scratched of course but
you know it didn't take it down to the
blade steel so thoroughly impressed with
sa products I highly recommend the knife
to anybody without any second thoughts
but with Mozilla to the kit you got a
Emma Darius sheath got some split rings
and some gear hooks and then of course
this pocket clip you you can take it off
and put it on either side comes with the
mounting hardware and all that it's
snaps right in there it's got a super
click to it if you want to make a neck
knife out of it or hang it from your
gear bag I mean it's it's in there it is
not coming out you can hear it snap into
place but I absolutely love it come with
a whistle whistle come with some
paracord you know the hughes and the
keeper I'm not sure what they call that
thing but I have no plans of using that
then of course comes with a fire steel
come with the two rings so you can use
it in whatever configuration you want
then of course the Randalls adventure
survival car cut three of those now but
you know it's a great great knife I love
it
I just hate up a dent where they paid
that much for it but like I said good
quality knives gonna cost you a little
bit made some good deals down there got
some bad deals but I think never forgot
to compare and some prices what I spent
for all the contest prizes the fighter
got them from somewhere else I could
have probably got twice as many prizes
as I got but hopefully you guys will get
some more vids in for the contest to
pick them up like 15 now I'm not quite
sure haven't counted in a day or two but
I just wanted to give you a better look
at this knife because I just didn't feel
the cellphone did it justice it's
absolutely beautiful
and it's razor-sharp edge I haven't cut
anything but paper with it but it is
absolute beauty and I will carry this
knife on my side every day right along
with my EDC equipment so just want to
give you a better look at it
there you have it yes the Azula to get
you guys later
is what it is
you
of the envy and that's all